There's 471. All right. Well, good
morning, family. Praise the Lord. Thank
you for joining us today. Well, I
have some things on my heart again to
pray about tonight. You know, this
is the Fourth of July week coming up.
And we have a lot of work to do in
the spirit realm, praying for our
nation, praying for divine protection
for all of us, and that
no weapon formed against us would
prosper. I believe this is a time
like never before that we join together
and pray together and really
use our authority. I'll go over some of
the things that the Lord showed me last
time when we prayed. And wow, what a
prayer time that was! After I
listened
back to it and went over the
things with Braden and
Diana—the
things the Lord
downloads—I
really went into the vision of what I was
shown. Instead of—you know what I do, I
don't always tell you everything, so
I'll go over a lot of it tonight
and tell you about the alien visitation
of this demonic deception that's
about to hit the world.
This is very serious. And
so, okay, I'll get started. Do
you think there's enough
now?
700. Okay, that's good.
I don't even know where to start with
it. That's how much there was to this.
First off, I saw
a
great shaking coming still. And then
I'll go into this alien,
whatever—this
great deception.
I'll talk about the UFOs and
what they look like. These were great
UFOs,
flying saucer-looking discs. They
were massive. Like, you know, we
see these things like people say, 'Oh,
we see these little balls and these
spheres floating around and all that
going on that we see with
people on planes and
everything.'I'm
talking this looked like something out
of the movie Independence Day with
Will Smith. This was—not that big, but
this was a massive-looking spaceship
thing that came down, and I'll tell
you exactly where it was. It was in
Mexico and over the Vatican. And in this
vision, I could see it was thin, and it
had windows all around it,
and it
had lightning bolts that were
arcing like electric currents. You know how you
see electric currents,
like whenever those things
that you touch at the science
museum,
and you see the electricity when it
touches your finger and it goes all over
the place? Well, this electricity was
going on this fake UFO
thing. It was going from part to part,
and it was beaming all around it like
it was all alive. And all
around it was gold. It wasn't a
silver-looking
dome thing. It was
gold-looking,
almost like brass. And it
had windows all around, and
they were all
rectangle-looking
windows, and they went
all the way around, and you could see
lights coming out of it.
This was so wild because, like I
said, it was over the Vatican. It was
over Italy in the vision, and the other
one was over those
Mayan-looking
temple things in
Mexico. It was over that area on
purpose.
I've been praying, going,
'Lord, why?'But I know it's on purpose.
There's a reason why they're over
that area, which the Lord showed me. But
this is what I thought was interesting:
the people.
We were bouncing things off
each other, talking about this.
They had to have been there for a while
because the people had signs.
I saw a heavy-set lady with brown
hair, and
they had signs like 'Welcome to Earth'and they were excited
about this alien thing going on in the
sky. They were like tinfoil hat
people. I'm talking they had signs,
and I started to laugh because when
I saw it, I thought, 'That's really funny,
Lord.'And
the Lord said, 'No, this is not
funny. This is a great deception, and
many people are going to fall for what's
about to take place on the
earth.'They're
trying to come up with an alibi.
The demonic is coming up with an alibi
of what happens when the rapture takes
place. They're coming up with an alibi.
Braden,
do you understand? This is a
great deception. And I saw the people
celebrating, and they were saying,
'Welcome, ET!'And they had signs, like
bubble letters. These people had bubble
letters. That's how detailed this vision
was. They had bubble letters on their
signs welcoming these alien ships. And
they had cardboard signs, and they
were all in crowds, and they were
celebrating and rejoicing over
this demonic thing that's happening in
the sky, completely deceived
thinking that it's aliens. And the Lord
told me, 'This is a great
deception.'So
then,
over America,
I saw balls of light
that were traveling at the speed of
light, very quick. And they
would go into Canada
and they would go up and down the East
Coast. There was more than one,
but they were the size of a little car.
And they were coming out of the
mothership
over these areas for great deception.
But the major ship that I saw was over
the Vatican. And I'm telling you all,
this sounds like some kind of weird
sci-fi movie. That's why,
when I'm seeing it and making
a
video like that and the Lord's
showing me something that's coming and
he tells me, 'This is a great
deception,'I'm
always hesitant. I'm like, 'Do I
put that out in public?'But the Lord
said to do it. And so that's why I talk
about it again today because you all
need to know there's coming a
great deception. There's coming
something to shake the heavens. And
the Lord kept
saying, 'Fearful sights you will see.
Fearful sights you will see that will
bring you to your knees.'They will fall
to their knees, Braden, and people are
going to be freaked out over what
they're about to see on the earth.
Fearful sights. And I'm just, like
I said, I just keep praying over that. That's
why I was just like, 'Lord, I'm going to
be slow to speak when it
comes to this stuff because of how it
came
across,'but
that's why I'm just interceding
still over this. And it was over,
like I said, these temples down in
Mexico.
It's like they'd been there before.
They had been there before. And I
thought, 'Why would they pick
that?'You
know, of all the places, it wasn't over
America; it was in Mexico.
Okay, so that was one of the
things in the last prayer
time we saw.
Then the Lord showed us—he talked
about the beef,
and he said there would become a
pandemic on the beef also.
I saw a certain individual—which I will
not go into on this livestream, but
there was a certain individual
who
was over all... now, I'll just be
careful with that—but this is
how it will spread. I saw, like it was
with the chickens
back at the first of the year when there
were
egg shortages and all that stuff,
there's going to be beef shortages.
There will be things
with the cattle in the days
ahead. I saw it with the cattle. But when
this takes place—and I didn't
realize that, you know, I minister
now to a lot of different nations, and I
didn't realize, because it's not a big
thing here in America yet, obviously,
but a lot of people already eat
crickets and bugs. Until I spoke out
against it, and then they're like, 'Hey,
bugs are good, we eat them.'And I was
like, 'I had no idea that people eat
bugs.'But
I saw that they were
grinding up crickets and making
cricket
burgers and cricket patties, and
they were trying to present that as an
alternative source of protein because of
what's going to come out with the cattle
in the days ahead. And the
Lord said, 'There's nothing wrong with
your cows.
There's nothing wrong with your
cows.'Planned
control,
population control,
manipulation of
people—and
I saw burgers made out of bugs and
worms,
presenting it as a morale buster.
And this was dark, what I saw with
these bugs:
people eating crickets, people eating
like nasty stuff—what I consider nasty.
I would never eat it, but some people
obviously do. But that's what I was
seeing, and it was very alarming
because I was thinking, "What happened to
the cow?"But the people in the
rural land out in the country
who
already had a bunch of cows,
their cows were okay. But the commercial
beef cattle, you know, remember back in
the '90s when mad
cow disease came out real bad and
everybody was freaked out in Europe
about eating the cows? You didn't
want to eat them because the cows were bad,
and they were foaming at the mouth and
shaking and all that, and people were
worried about contracting it. Does anybody
remember that?
Well, that's what I saw, but it
was on a bigger scale, and it
was wiping out beef. And the Lord said,
"Chickens grow quickly. Chickens
reproduce quickly, but cows take a long
time to grow herds again."So it was a
bigger deal because cows'incubation,
whatever—whenever
they're going
through, I don't know, is it a year? I don't
know, it's a while, right? Yeah, over a
year. And they only produce one at a
time. A chicken produces a lot of eggs.
So that was what I was seeing: a
shortage of beef,
shortages of hamburger. And the vegans
would be excited about that, I'm sure.
The
first
great
miracles...
Then I saw popcorn popping in a pan,
and the Lord spoke to me and he said,
"Brandon, the first great miracles,
creative miracles, are going to start to
show up, and it's going to be a shock and
awe to people's system because they've
never seen some of the things that are
about to take place."And it will not
just be America; this is going to be a
worldwide thing. And we're going to
start to see major... I saw like a cast-iron skillet, and I saw
it cooking in coconut oil,
which
is how we do, and
it pops and pops and pops. As the
first corn kernels start to get
hot and things start to get ready to go,
you'll see the first kernels start to
pop. And the Lord said to me,
"Brandon, the first major kernels are
about to pop.
You are about to see some of the
greatest things, the greatest
demonstrations and manifestations of
my glory upon this earth. And they're
going to happen in places where you least
expect it.
Get ready, son. Prepare yourself for
what's about to take place."And he told
me, "You'll have the doubters, you'll
have the people saying, 'Oh, I don't believe
all that.'"But I'm telling you, God's
about to show up and show off in a way
that we've never seen before. And I saw
the pan getting hotter and hotter and
hotter. And the Lord showed me people who
are
so busy with their Monday
through Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
People are in
such a rut in America; you're
just trying to make ends meet for your
family, you're just trying to get your
bills paid. And I saw their noses to the
ground because they were so preoccupied
with just trying to live life.
And he said to me, "They're
not looking out over the edge of the
horizon of time. They're not seeing
what's coming because they're so
preoccupied with their
own stuff. It's time to louder.
It's time to louder."And I saw
them every once in a while—they'd see
something on social media or whatever
and they would get frustrated and
say, "Oh, I don't like what's
going on with that,"but they never did
anything to pray or stop it. They just
kept going on like
a
hunting
dog that's on a trail. You're not
looking around; you're just sniffing on
the ground. They
are
not doing what they should be
doing, which is looking out for the edge
of the horizon. Danger is coming. And I saw
they were in a big kettle, and
the water level was rising, and the
temperature was rising, and they didn't
realize they were in a pot that was
starting to boil.
What's going on around us, and the
seriousness of the times we are living
in right now? Many people have their
noses
to the ground and are not seeing it.
But what's about to take place is a
great shaking to awaken, and many people
will wake out of their slumber in the
days ahead. I saw again the plague
that's coming.
I need you to know the Lord said, "You
must pray."He said it three times: "You must pray. You
must pray. You must pray to lessen
what's going to
happen."I
saw a plague, and I saw it starting in
Europe again. And whenever the Lord
showed me this plague, I saw the
visions that I saw in the past, and he
was adding them to the new one. And I
could see the rats
again. I see these black rats with
red-looking
eyes; they looked evil. So I
don't know if this represents
a demonic spirit or an actual rat,
but this rat was running upon the
ground in Europe. And I saw all the old,
little towns in Europe, like in
France, where they were running through,
and these rats were causing havoc and
causing people to get sick.
And so, I saw the red come
across
the land and the faces on each
of the different countries. And as
it
started to spread, their faces
started to fade.
And I could see it started to spread
all over Europe. And then it
went
from Europe across to Africa,
and it started to spread all over
Africa. And I could see it spreading.
It
went over into the Middle East and
spread, and as it spread, the
people's faces of that nation
were
bolded in black with red, and as the
virus spread, they started to fade
away.
I saw it go to Australia,
and it was one of the last places
because of where they were, but as it
spread, it was very severe. But
the Lord said, "You must pray.
You must pray. This is not a call to
fear; this is a call to prayer."For
COVID
was a test drive.
And I know I say a lot of hard things,
but I tell you only what the spirit of
the Lord tells me to tell you when I
pray. If you don't want to believe it,
that's fine, but I'm here to tell you
what I feel the spirit of the Lord has
told me to tell you—a warning about
something coming in the future. You say,
"When?"Not
too far.
Trump was still president during this
time frame;
I could see him. And the Lord said, "You
will be so grateful."And people go,
"Don't get political, Brandon."I'm not
getting political; I tell you what I
see. And the Lord said, "You will be so
thankful you have strong leadership in
America in the days ahead,
for a great shaking is coming to
awaken."And
many people will be very
thankful for President Trump—even more
so those who are against him.
And the deep state people will be
like, "Listen, we are so grateful we have
strong leadership right now
because of what's about to take
place."We
must pray for his safety, we must pray
for his children, we must pray for
his wife, and for Vance and all
of
them. We must intercede
for them to have godly wisdom, for them
not to be led by... as the Bible
says, "Take no counsel from the
ungodly."So
we pray for him to not be taking counsel
from ungodly people, and that we expose
the rat within. For the Lord said, "There
are
three other major rats,
three rats,
and we must pray for him to know who to
trust and who not to trust,
for there are people
that are planted bad."And I've warned
you all to pray over Jerome
Powell.
Remember, I say some things that I'll
be bold about, but I'm going to tell
you, I saw him being influenced
by people in Europe and by people
who
were Democrats.
And it wasn't to try to
help America; it was to try to help sink
America.
And I said, "If I was Trump and I had
the ability"—which I realize
he doesn't have until 2026—I said, "I would
have fired him a long time
ago."And
that was just me, what I saw. I said,
'Because I saw him walking through a
dark valley, and upon this side there was
a dark wall, and upon this side there was
a dark wall, and I saw him crossing
through this valley. But there were two
major voices that were influencing him:
one was Obama
and the other was these men in gray
suits.
And the Lord warned me very strongly
about this.
So
we pray for this.
Then the other part was the
devil trying to kink the hose for these
cryptos. And that's when the Lord showed
me. He said, 'I saw layers of what's
coming.'He
showed me layers in the
spirit realm about this, and
it was on a plane,
and he was showing me how the crypto's
coming and all these things are coming.
But whenever you hear RFK say we
want to have a digital ID bracelet, we
have maybe something implanted in you,
he said it. It was on there.
All you have to do is Google the video.
It just happened a couple of days ago, and
people go, 'Oh, surely not.'Folks, this
is the end.
We're getting so close. What is this
bracelet that he's talking about?
Did you hear about the bracelet? He
talked about it live. Did anybody hear
about the bracelet?
Well, maybe they did, maybe they didn't.
I'll show you sometime.
Maybe I wish I could do it right now.
But he had the bracelet. Are you talking
about putting that on there or
something? It's coming through now.
They're saying half of them, yeah, a lot
of them are saying yes. Okay. So then
the other part was I'm getting a lot of
people sending me articles about a
two-state solution. And people are like,
'Hey, Brandon, do you remember what you
said about the two-state
solution?'I
said, 'Yes,
when they implement this, if they ever
do, and they split Jerusalem,
three days later, I've warned you
all.'I
was caught up in the Spirit. It's
like an out-of-body experience when
this happened. I'm telling you, that's
how clear this vision was. I saw three
days later, after they split
Jerusalem
and do a two-state
solution,
I saw the New Madrid fault line erupt
with the largest earthquake in history,
and it split America in half.
The bridges on the Mississippi River
were completely destroyed.
There was no way to go from east to
west or from west to east.
It was completely wiped out. So there
were
no supply trucks coming back and
forth,
and
there were major shortages
because of the supply trucks.
If this happens, we pray this does
not happen. We don't want this to happen.
I saw bells
ringing
clear up in Philadelphia.
I'm talking major bells ringing, and it
was a sign. And I told you all, I saw
Wall Street and I saw tumbleweeds going
down Wall Street. Tumbleweeds. And the
Lord said, 'Look at the
building.'And
there was a lion's face on the side of a
building. And I didn't know what I was
looking at, but it was carved in the
side of the building; it was
lions'faces.
So I was just like, 'Wow, what do the
lions mean, Lord?'Because I'm praying
over these lions on the side of this
building, thinking, 'This is
something about this lion.'But I didn't
realize until my son started doing research
on it. He said, 'Daddy, that's the New York
Stock Exchange. There
are
lions on the top of the
building, carved in the top of the
building.'But
those were the exact
lions that I saw. And Wall
Street was completely closed down
whenever this major event happens. But I
saw great big Chinook helicopters
coming with aid, flying in from the West
Coast, and there were so
many of them that it was shaking the
houses because of how low they were
flying and how loud it was. They were
all flying in a line. It
looked like the sky was cluttered with
Chinook helicopters, and it was
like you could feel the houses vibrating
from this. But you remember,
if many of you that are of this
generation, you remember 9/11 and how
everybody's eyes were glued to the
television because of how bad that was.
Everybody was inside. Nobody was
outside doing anything because you
wanted to see what was going on with the
buildings.
That's the way this was. It was
ominous outside. It was quiet.
And I remember I was outside and I could
see the leaves on the trees. I was there,
and I could see these things,
but it was closer to fall. It looked
like I could see where the sun was
setting. When the Lord takes me
and he shows me some of these things
privately,
everything
is so real: I can feel the temperature, the colors of things, the
smells of smoke in the air. I could see
there was so much fire
burning and blowing.
You could smell the smoke
from whatever was on fire. From
what
I saw, from Texarkana to Tulsa,
Oklahoma, 1,800 people passed away that
day. The houses—their cinder block
homes that are built not upon a
foundation of concrete but on cinder
blocks—were
completely shaken to
the ground. They
weren't able to stand during this;
they all fell, and the houses fell
on them.
People are not prepared for
this. We've never experienced
earthquakes like that in the central
part of America before.
I saw the Mississippi River flowing
differently;
it started going out a different place.
Things shifted and were shaking so
bad.
And I don't know, y'all. Like I
said, when I see all these things, I saw
the devastation of all the fires, and the
army came in and
they made bridges out of
some
pontoon boat-looking things that were
flat, and they connected them together
and made a makeshift bridge going
across the Mississippi so that trucks
could go in certain areas
when that happens. So, we pray this
doesn't
happen, but I've been sent five
articles or more about
a two-state solution coming about
soon.
And I thought, 'Oh God, help us. Oh
God, help
us.'You
know, but we see the Lord said,
'I will use President Trump to
accelerate the end-time events in the
days
ahead.'Things
are going to accelerate.
You're going to see a great acceleration
of events in the days ahead in the
Middle East. That's why I was telling
you all about peace and safety. That's
why I've been praying over these barrels
coming to Israel with biological,
mustard gas-looking
stuff—praying
over Israel, praying over this
stuff because I'm telling you, another
plan is afoot. A darker plan is afoot.
And
that's why they
say,
'When they call peace
and safety, then sudden
destruction.'I've
seen the sudden destruction. And all
these people saying, 'Well, we're going to have
peace, and we're going to do all
this'—they're
not satisfied. They're still
saying, 'Death to America.'They're still
saying all these things behind closed doors when
they talk about it on TV.
They're still ticked off.
They're burying their scientists today,
and they're like, 'Well, it's okay,
everything's over.'No, folks. The
enemy within. And then the other part of
what I saw this last time was a major
nuclear sub
surfacing in Cuba.
And the Lord pointed out, 'Look how big
that sub is.'And the Lord said,
'That's a Russian
sub.'And
remember, I
keep telling you all, pray about Cuba.
There's more about Cuba.
And so, you know, I've talked about
the infrastructure and Windows
95, and people go, 'Oh, that don't affect
nothing.'It's
about cyberattacks. As we
enter into this next digital age,
the new industrial revolution, quantum
computing
with
AI technology will be so smart. It's not
just about America using it; it's about
our adversaries—major nations
that do not like us—using it to combat
our infrastructure
with
cyberattacks,
using it to come against
us. It's not about us just using it.
It's quantum computing and
this massive amount of new
knowledge that's coming
that's going to change the world as we
know it, with cures of diseases and
scientific breakthroughs that we've only
dreamed about that will come out of this
new AI technology. And the Lord said a
great explosion of industrial
revolution, a new one, is coming upon the
world, and crypto is already behind.
He said many people are focused on
crypto and this new thing. He said, 'But
Brandon, it's already behind. This
has
become like ancient for what's
about to take place with how fast
everything is going to accelerate with
the end times.'And we see them having
the chip, and Neuralink putting
it
in these
quadriplegics'minds,
and they're able to
control—Braden
showed me like video games and Call of
Duty and everything—with their mind.
They don't have to use their arms, and
they're able to play video games now
with the technology that is increasing
with this new chip. And I saw that
men were able to—they were playing
Mario Kart, using
like their mouse cursor, using
their mouse cursor with their brain,
and they didn't even have to use their
hands
with the chip that's coming with
these implants. So it looks like
it's helping
people.
The very thing you embrace today will be
the things you push away tomorrow.
And many people will be, like I said,
because their eyes are on the ground.
They're not looking out ahead, and
they don't realize what's coming because
they're in that pot and they're
boiling
and they don't realize. I saw
weather
manipulation, and manipulation of
thirty- and twenty-year-olds
not able to have
babies.
Population control.
People were not able to produce for some
reason; I cannot figure out what it was.
The Lord said, 'Pray over this.'But I
saw twenty- and thirty-year-old kids,
young adults, not able to have children
on a widespread basis because of
something that was going on. And the
Lord told me, 'Many people in
the days ahead will not be able to have
children because of what's
happening.'And
I thought, 'What in the world are
they doing to the hormones of these
people that they can't have
babies?'And
then He said, 'Weather
weaponization.'Thank
you, Holy Spirit. weather
weapon—they
will weaponize weather, other
countries against our country, making it
look like... well, let's not make... and He
said, 'As they try to control the weather,
they will lose
control.'I
need to say that again: as they try to
control the weather, they will lose
control, for they will seed and create
superstorms
that they will lose control
over.
Wind gusts beyond anybody's comprehension
are
coming, with hurricanes
on a greater scale than you've ever seen,
from
weather manipulation and weather
warfare.
Weather warfare is what the Lord said.
He said, 'You must want to know about
this.'I
saw record snowfall in places
that we—that is like digging
yourself out, that we've never seen
snowfall like this. Record rainfall in
certain areas where it's flooding, like
in China right now,
and they said, 'This is
record rainfall.'That's what I'm talking
about: record rainfall in China, and
you could have to build
a raft to get out of your house.
The Lord said, 'There's more of this
coming.'And
I saw rain in one area and
great drought in another—so much
drought that there were no crops growing,
and it was just a couple of miles down the
road and it was flooding.
Great drought, great water,
don't know how;
this is what I saw.
And the Lord warned me about
asteroids. He warned me about these
major things coming in the sky,
fearful sights you will see that will
bring you to your
knees.
And the Lord said, 'Warn these people.
Warn My people. Many
people will be deceived about what's
about to take place.'He said, 'Keep
sounding the alarm, telling them, "My Son is
coming.
Yell from the mountaintops.
Yell in the valleys. Yell around the
world. Jesus Christ is coming, and you
better repent and get your heart right
because you're running out of
time."'And
many people have their heads in
the sand, and they're
not looking around them, and they're not
seeing the signs of the times and what's
happening to the fig tree right now.
They're so distracted with life; the
devil has you preoccupied with your own
needs, and you're not looking at what's
coming. It's time to know that Jesus
Christ is coming.
It's time to repent before it's too
late. Just like in the days of Noah,
so will it be when the Son of Man
returns. And Noah was building that ark
until it was finished and everything was
done. And he was out there and he was
warning everybody, 'A great flood
is coming.'And
they all laughed and mocked
him and said, 'Oh, there's no rainstorm,
there's no flood. You're a fool,
Noah.'And
he was out there warning them, 'You
need to
repent.'And
the ark door is about to close on
this dispensation.
The ark door is about to close, ladies
and gentlemen, and many of you are not
prepared for what's about to take place.
Your heart's not right. You're lukewarm.
The Bible says He'd rather we be hot
or cold, but if we're
lukewarm, He said He'd spew us out of
His mouth.
It's time to get right with Jesus.
You're running out of time.
'Oh, I've heard that, Brandon. You know,
my grandparents have told me that, and their
grandparents before them told
them.'They
have,
but they don't see where we are right
now with all these things.
The Lord said to me, 'Brandon,
the birthing pains are going to
come
right on top of each other. Major events
are coming right on top of each other.
From Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, you're going to
see great, great more acceleration. Time to
open your eyes.'As
labor pains upon a woman, you will
see a great acceleration, even more, come
this fall around September the 21st, or
whatever it is, when Rosh Hashanah starts. I'm
telling you all, it's time to open your
eyes. We're running out of time. 'Well,
how many more years do we have,
Brandon? Do you think we have ten
years?'I
don't know. No man knows the day
or
the hour when the Son of Man returns.
Nobody knows, you understand? That's
what the Bible says, right? Not even
Him. So, but we can see the signs of the
times and what the fig tree is
doing
with Israel and all these other things.
We can see it all around us. As you look,
as the day approaches, look around
you. Take your head out of the sand and
look around you.
How much more will we see? I pray,
I hope we don't see the plague.
I hope we don't see some of these
things. But the Lord told me we're
going to see some things.
He said, 'Brandon, there'll be a lot of
people who think it's
Ichabod,
that I've departed.
This is not
Ichabod.
This is not Ichabod. But when people go
through trying times and they go through
hard things,'He said, 'they automatically
just go, "Well, God has abandoned me. He
doesn't love me. I'm going through all
this."The
refining fire is hard
sometimes, folks.'But you go, 'Well, I
don't want to go through any of these
hard times. This is really hard. What's
going on?'So, 'God has abandoned,
Ichabod
has happened.'But He said, 'I'll never
leave you and I'll never forsake you. Lo,
unto
the end of the earth, I'll be with
you always.'But many people will say,
'This is an Ichabod what's
coming,'when
you see the great shakings of things.
Well, we don't have to go through all
that. Some of the greatest ministers
we've ever known in the past—and I'll
say it again and say it
again—they
went through some very hard trials, the
Great Depression. They went through the
Great Depression. There
were some really godly people,
when you go back and you look
at the old-time movies and the way they
presented themselves, and they didn't
even sleep in the same bed.
I Love Lucy was one of
them—two
separate rooms. But now, they
basically do it on TV now, and you're
looking at it going, 'What is going on?
There's no morals. They got morals like
a
cat.'And
there's nobody out there living
righteous and holy. But
sin has become so acceptable, and
as it's become more up like this
and the sinometers, whatever, the
church has accepted it. Well, we have a
little bit of a gray area, and we try to
accept a little bit more instead of
being repulsed. If the people in the
1920s
saw what we're
watching right now, they would blush.
Our
great-grandparents,
they would blush. They
would go, 'Oh my goodness, this is like
Gomorrah
up in here.'But what has
become acceptable to us now was
repulsive to our
great-grandparents.
But it's okay now. But the church even
embraces it: 'Oh, it's all right, you
know, to
a degree.'But
I'm trying to tell you, a cleaning
of the house. And that's why, whenever
people go through hard times, they don't
have no backbone,
and a great shaking to awaken is coming.
And the body of Christ is going to see
brush arbor churches like we've never
seen before. And there will be a major
move of God like we've never seen
before. He's coming back for a bride
without spot or wrinkle
that's not in bed with the world, that
has one foot in the world and one foot
in the church, and we're riding the fence
going, 'It's okay.'It's not okay.
And there'll be a lot of people that
just turn me off right now: 'I don't want
to listen to him. Bye.'But I can't
tell—you
can't say that I didn't warn you for
what's coming.
You can't say, 'I didn't sound the alarm
as loud as I could to tell you what's
coming.'Great
deception is coming.
People you trust on a regular basis
in churches are going to be
exposed.
There's darkness behind the pulpits, and
the Lord's cleaning house. Judgment
begins in the house of the Lord first.
And people don't want to hear that. But
you think you can live on the fence,
party during the week, do all what
you're
doing, and then go to church and act
holy on the weekend? 'Well, grace is
covering it.'But we don't abuse it, and
we don't act like the world. If you had
a lineup and you were standing in a
lineup, folks, and you were there and
you said, 'Which one's the
Christian? Which one's
the world?'could
you pick out the Christian?
Is their countenance the same
as the heathen?
It's time to arise and shine, for the
light has come and the glory of the Lord
is risen upon you. It's time to be that
salt and be that light, that when people
are coming and they're seeing all these
times of great shaking around us, that we
have those catcher's mitts on and they're
coming in hot. The Lord said, 'When all
this hell's about to come on the earth
and all this great shaking, Brandon, for
I'm going to shake the world one last
time, a major shaking is going to come
one last time, and there's
going to be the greatest harvest of
souls, for the harvest is plentiful, and
the laborers are few. Who will help me
bring in the harvest?'He said to me,
'Who will help me be the
voice in these last days to bring in the
harvest?'There
is a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun, ladies and gentlemen. And
it's time to shun hell and
populate heaven. We've got to get on our
knees and cry out for a revival,
an awakening unto God. That's the only
thing that's ever going to save America.
Like Sister Billie always says, 'Brandon,
the only thing that is going to save
America is not just revival, but an
awakening unto God.'Not Trump.
Trump's not going to save America. JD
Vance is not going to save America.
The
Republican party in the Senate and
the House, a great majority is not going
to save America.
I don't care what politician you think's
going to save America. There's no
politician that's ever going to save
America.
The only one that's ever going to save
America is the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's time to repent and turn back to
God.
When you see all these things, my
heart weeps for the people and for what
I've seen, for the great earthquakes
that I've seen in British Columbia and
all across California. I've seen
great shakings,
and it alarms me
when
I see the volcanoes and the
fish dying and all these things, and the
plagues and all this stuff. What will it
take to wake people up out of their
slumber? How many altar
calls are we giving?
When will we get our eyes off of
growing big ministry and jets and
planes, all the things, to tell
people, 'It's time to repent and get your
heart right for Jesus'? How many
altar
calls are we giving? How many people are
we leading to Christ? I was
so excited this week that Braden
and Diana were doing the numbers. We've
led several hundred people to Jesus this
week.
And I thought, 'That's not
enough.'But
I'm thankful for the beginning.
You know, we gave out—I don't know how many
Bibles this week. It's to the point
where Diana said, 'My hands are
tired, Braden.'I said, 'Praise God.
People are hungry. People are
desperate.'A
man from China reached out
to us, said, 'I got born again watching
your broadcast today.'Our China channel
is exploding with people
through our AI thing we're doing.
And South Korea—we led so many
people in South Korea to Jesus this
week. The Lord said, 'Brandon, I have not
forgotten the Asian people. I'm going to
visit them in even a greater wave.
I've not forgotten the people of South
Korea. I've not forgotten the people of
Asia.
For there's going to be a major harvest
of souls in Asia.'And He said, 'I've not
forgotten the underground churches in
China and Iran. There will be a major
harvest of souls. All this disruption is
just the beginning.'And He told me, He
said, 'In the underground churches
and even in Iran, Brandon, there's a
major harvest and there will be a major
outpouring of my spirit in
Iran.'I'm
ignorant to the culture, folks. I'm
ignorant to it. That's why I said, 'I
don't know what this tarp is on their
heads. I don't understand all this
stuff.'I'm
just, you know, a country boy
from Oklahoma. But I'm telling you,
I see these
women, but I don't know. They have tarps
on their heads, and I saw the glory of
the Lord on them.
And they were repenting and turning away
from what they knew. And they're coming
to Jesus
by the tens of thousands. And it's time
for America to be that great pillar in
these
end times, and not be the people
going, 'Well, you know, I don't
know if America's in or America's
out.'But
I'm telling you, from what I hear,
great revival is already taking place in
some of these places in Africa and some
of these places in the Middle East. And
people are going, 'We're already
seeing revival, Brandon. Where are you
all at?'And I'm like, 'Oh, I'm jealous
of it. Are you serious?
You're here, you're having
revival.'Because
as our channel grows and we're
on these other—we have seven other
channels. Seven other channels. All to
the glory of God. Seven other channels.
And they're all exploding. They come on
there, and we have to translate
what they're saying through the
computer because we don't know Chinese or we
don't know Korean. But they think we
do, and it's awesome. I'm just like,
'Praise God.'Yeah, they say, 'You
learned
Chinese.
You're speaking good
Chinese.'It's
just a blessing. But they're asking
for Bibles.
They're here in America, some of them,
and they're saying, 'Please, can you
help us?'Of course we can. We would
love to help you. Don't take for
granted our freedoms.
Our heart cries out, and
Diana showed me a little video of these
Chinese people in the underground church
getting a big old box of Bibles, and they
were fighting over them, and they were weeping
over a Bible—something that we have so
many of in our house and we take for
granted on a regular basis. And the Lord
told me, He said,
'Brandon,'He
told me, He said, 'You don't take for
granted the Bible.'They were holding it
and cradling it and just smelling
it. They were loving on the Bible.
That
was their first one. Yeah.
Don't take for granted what God's done
for you, America. Don't take for granted
our freedoms.
As the people try to embrace this
nutcase in New York,
and they say, 'We want him.'And I'm
like, 'Y'all, are y'all serious?
You don't want
him?'I
just don't get it anymore. I
don't understand the reprobate
mind—the
reprobate mind of people embracing
things that are just so ungodly, and you
go, 'Oh no,
oh
no.'That's
why I told you I've seen great
shaking, and I even told you all in this.
I saw the planes. I saw factories shut
down with big black and yellow
tape
across the doors where they...
what is that word when you
shut down the buildings? Not
contaminate them, but whatever it is
when you
shut it down. No, the word slipped
my mind, I'm so sorry, but that's what
they were doing. And they would shut
down the buildings, and they
told—anybody
knows, they can say it in the comments.
'Condemn, condemn.'Thank you, they
condemned the buildings. And I saw
them where they couldn't go in, and then
I saw flights across America where there
were only like four and five people in
because people were so scared to fly.
And I told you about the
planes and praying over America, praying
over our banking system, praying
over—like,
I even came out really bold
tonight, I guess, and just brought up
Jerome Powell. You know, I guess that's
all I really had for you on that part of
it. Let's pray together. We can read
and see if the Lord has anything new
for us after I've said everything that's
out of my heart to tell people that God
is going to visit Asia.
God is going to visit Asia in a major
way in the days ahead. And I'm telling
you, the greatest harvest of souls is
yet to come. And I saw it going through
North Korea. I saw it going through all
these places, the Philippines. I'm
telling you, it's going to be amazing
what God is about to do. But it's
going to take you and me. It's all
hands—do
you understand? God is not just
going to do it by Himself. He's going to
use us. The harvest is plentiful, and the
laborers
are few.
Who will help bring in the
harvest?
It's all hands on deck. It's not just
the men. 'Well, it's only
for men.'It's going to be women,
children, youth—whoever will say yes,
'Here am I, Lord, send me. Here
am I,
Lord, send
me.'Who
will just say yes to this last
outpouring? Who will just be that vessel
that God can pour His Spirit through
that says, 'I am here, Lord. Use
me.'I
want you to search your heart
right now. You may be watching this and
you say, 'Brandon, I hear what
you're saying, but I don't even know how
to get saved. I don't even know how... what
you're saying really scares the poop
out of me, Brandon, but I don't want to
go to hell. I don't want to go through
all this. I just want you to say this
prayer after me right now.'If you're
watching this and you say, 'What must I
do to be saved?'I want to lead you in
the sinner's prayer right now. And right
now, you give your heart to Jesus
Christ and you just surrender
all to Him.
And after you do, tell us in the
comments down here below in this live
chat. Say, 'Brandon, I just gave my
heart to Jesus Christ.'So, I'm going to
lead you in the prayer. You repeat this
prayer after me. If I say it too slow,
forgive me; sometimes I go too
fast.
Say,
'Jesus, I believe you are the
Son of God. I believe you died for me,
and you rose again on the third day. I
believe you're seated at the right hand
of the Father right now, making
intercession for me. Jesus, write my
name in the Lamb's Book of Life. Forgive
me of my sins. Cleanse me from all
unrighteousness.
I need a Savior. I need you, Jesus,
today. I want to be born again today. I
want to be saved.
I'm coming home.
Thank you, Lord, for forgiving me and
cleansing me from all unrighteousness
today. I'm saved.
I turn my back on the devil and
every demon force.
I'm sold out to you, Lord, from this
day forward, in the name of Jesus.
Amen.'Hallelujah.
It's easy to get saved. It's
easy to get born again. You don't have
to be all religious.
The Bible says with the heart confession
is
made unto salvation. It
doesn't have to be all religious, ladies
and gentlemen. It's just a heart thing:
'God, I'm a sinner, and I need Jesus. I
need
you.'Now,
if you said that sinner's prayer,
tell us down below. Say, 'I got saved
today,'and
we'll rejoice with you. The
other part is, find a
Bible-believing
church that will teach you the Word of
God, and go to that pastor and say,
'Listen, I gave my heart on a broadcast
watching this on YouTube. I
gave my heart to Jesus today, and I need
to be water-baptized.
Pastor, I need to be
water-baptized.'Get
water-baptized. Find a Bible that
ministers to you. Now, some people say,
'King James, you have to find a King
James.'All
this, 'New King James, whatever
ministers to you.'I prefer the New
King James, but if you can't read it
and you don't understand it, then
find something you do understand. At
least you're reading the Bible. You know
what I'm saying? It's the Bible. So,
it's like my wife, we read the
Amplified, we read all kinds of things.
But just
get it and read it. And you say,
'Brandon, I can't afford a Bible. You
know, I'm making it from paycheck to
paycheck. I've just got five bucks
left in the account.'I know. I've been
there. Then Diana and I want to buy you
a Bible, and we'll help you.
Tell them how to do it. There's
a—if
you look in the description down below
on the video description, you'll find
our email. So, just put in
the subject line when you email us,
'I can't afford a
Bible.'And
then put your address, and we will
send you one through Amazon. Yeah,
so, and if you have a preference,
we do have the New King James,
Amplified, and New Living Translation.
So, if you do have a... we'll try to do the
best we can. If there's one you
understand best that you know
of
online, put it in there and
say, 'Hey, I need help.'We'll help
you.
We're not here to shame you; we're
here to help you. We're here to
lift you up. I know. Like I said, it's
our honor. When you get down to the
last of the paycheck, you're
sitting there going, 'Lord, I don't even
have enough money to buy food for my
kids next week.'And you're going,
'How do I even afford a
Bible?'Hey,
we've been there. We've been there.
Let's buy them a Bible today. And
we'd love to help you. So, just know
that it's not a shame thing.
We're trying to help you in
your spiritual journey. We feel like
we're a part of it. That's why we're so
excited. We sent out so many Bibles this
week. Yes. And we'll never use your
email or address
or bother you again. It's just to get
the Bible to you. We're not here to
solicit you. No, we're never going to
bother you, and we'll never ask you for
a dime. Freely we've been given, freely
we give it out. We never ask for
anything. And another
thing, we have people telling us,
'Hey, Brandon, it happened even like
three or four times this week. Hey
Brandon,
there
are
scammers
on
WhatsApp or
Telegram.'We
do not ask
for money. Do not give these scam
artists money on these
things. We don't ask for money. We have
it in the description if you want to
bless my family. But I'm telling you,
I'm not out here soliciting anybody
for anything.
All our social media is
always in the description, and if you
don't find it there, it's not us. So,
we're not on Telegram or WhatsApp.
We will never private message you. We
don't even have private messaging turned
on. So if someone is private
messaging you and they have our picture,
it's an impersonator. There's a
lot of impersonators out there. They
impersonate a lot of other YouTubers,
not just us. But if you do
come across someone like that saying,
'Hey,'and
trying to private
message you or help you with crypto,
giving you a phone number saying, 'Call
me,'it's
not us.
And
it's happening a lot. So
please be aware of these
scammers
and
report them. Tell them,
however you
do that. I wish we could find out
where they are, because they really need to
go to jail. It's bad. We ban
them in the comments all the time,
but they'll just make a new
account. So
it's an ongoing thing. Just beware. All
right. Well, we're going to pray. Who
wants to pray? Who wants to get in the
river today? Yes, me. Let's go tubing.
Let's do this. We're going spiritual
tubing now. Let's see if the Lord has
anything for us and He wants to show us
anything today. If not, it's all right.
I don't seek Him for it.
I seek Him because it's Him, and I
love on Him, and in doing so, He shows us
that which is to come. It doesn't happen
all the time, but here lately it
seems to. But I just keep seeking
Him. And as the Bible says, those that
seek Him will find Him, and to those that knock,
the door will be opened. As we seek
Him,
this is just prayer time. There's no
pressure on it. I don't put any pressure
on it. It's just God. And if there's
something there and He wants to talk to
us, fine. If not, Father, we love You. I
think that the pressure to perform
is not God. It's
just Him. He's the one that
has
control over things. And so many
people, I've seen it that people try to...
well, they're in the spotlight. I've been
put... well, 'You've got to prophesy
instantaneously.'Whatever.
I can't do
that.
I don't understand. People try
to... 'I'm just going to prophesy at a whim.'I'm
going to
tell you this: the Lord
told me, He said, 'If you want to
stay away from doing that kind
of stuff because you'll get snared by
a
familiar spirit,'He said, 'only give
words whenever the anointing is on you
and you feel My presence, Brandon. If I
have something for you to say, make sure
you're underneath the anointing.
The glory needs to be there in
prayer.'And
He said, 'Take communion daily.
Plead the blood over your spiritual
eyes.'That's
what I see. I take this very seriously, and
I don't want to be... it's
like being accurate, not flaky. And if
it comes across and I miss it, hey, we
miss it. We're human. But at least we
try. We're trying. We're not hiding in a
hole, you know, going, 'Well, you know,
I don't want to say anything because I
don't want to look stupid to the
public.'Who
cares? People are going to
throw eggs at you regardless of what you
do. They'll be for you one minute and
they'll be against you the next. I've
learned it. Especially during this, the
people who are like, 'I'm your biggest
fan,'are
the ones that stab you in the
back. And you go, 'Okay,
God bless you. Let me pray for
you.'You
know, we walk in love.
So, all right. No soapbox. It's just
truth. Father, I thank You, Lord, for
Your body that was broken for us, for
every single person who is represented
here today. Everybody has so many needs.
There's so many people believing for
healing. There's so many people
believing for finances. There's so many
people believing for exceedingly
abundantly above all that they dare ask
or think. And Father, You said in Your
word that You've already met all
our needs. You said in Your word that
You've healed us by Your stripes. And
Father, I thank You, Lord, for good days
ahead for the body of Christ. I thank
You, Father, that we walk in divine
healing and divine restoration of all
things. And Father, what the devil meant
to do bad, Father, You said You'd turn
it for good in our favor. I pray
restoration over marriages today. We
pray over children, wayward children. We
call them home today. We thank You,
Lord, for wayward children coming
home.
The children that
people
say, 'Well, they're so far gone they'll
never come,'but no, we call them home
today.
Satan, get your hands off of our
children today. We call them born again.
We call them spirit-filled. We call them
on fire for Jesus.
But Father, we lift up this body and we
thank You, Lord, that You died for us.
You died for us to walk in victory. You
died for us to walk in wholeness and
wellness and healing and everything.
Father, You took it on the cross. And
according to Galatians, Christ has
redeemed me from the curse of the law.
And we thank You, Lord. According to
Deuteronomy 28, all those curses are in
there, but Father, we're redeemed from
them
today. Jesus paid the price for us to
walk in victory today. And we take this
body in the name of Jesus. Thank you,
Lord.
Now, Lord, we take the blood and we make
much of the blood, and the blood makes
much of us. We thank You, Lord.
We confess our sins just like we did a
moment
ago, Lord. We confess our
sins, and You are faithful and just to
forgive us of our sins and cleanse us
from all unrighteousness.
Thank You, Lord, that our minds are
covered in the blood. Thank You, Lord,
that all the way from the top of our
heads
to the soles of our feet are
covered in the blood. Thank You, Lord,
that our finances are covered in the
blood. That You supply all our needs
according to Your riches in glory by
Christ Jesus. That every seed we sow
will reap back 30, 60, and 100-fold.
That we don't struggle financially. That
everything we put our hands to, Father,
will prosper.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we'll be
the heads of our companies,
or
whatever they work at, Father.
They'll be the boss, Father,
and
they'll be promoted. Supernatural
promotion is coming in
Jesus'name.
We thank You, Lord, that
what the devil meant for bad, God, You're
going to turn it around for good.
Lord, we thank You, Lord, for the blood
right now. Father, we apply the blood over
us in Jesus'mighty name. Amen.
That's just the way we take
communion. I know it's not probably like
everybody else does it, but that's how
Diana
and I do it.
It's from the
heart. He's looking at the heart. He's
not looking at religion. I'm telling
you, He's not looking... The Pharisees that
are all up in here, they're going,
'You're doing that
wrong.'Don't
be a Pharisee.
You want some? I drink a lot of it. I'm
sorry. I wasn't thinking. Be a gentleman
up in here. Here you go, baby.
Okay. Here. You want another one? Thank
you, son.
Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, Spirit of the Lord.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup,
fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup,
fill it up and make me whole.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me
whole.
'Cause
Jesus is coming
soon.
Morning or night or noon, many will meet
their doom.
Trumpets will surely
sound.
All of the dead shall rise. Righteous
meet in the sky. Going where no one
dies. Heaven, we're bound.
And Jesus is coming
soon. Morning or night or noon, many
will meet their doom. Trumpets will
surely
sound. All of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky. Going where
no one dies. Heaven, we're bound.
I love those old songs.
Me, too.
I prepare a place for prayer,
and I pray in tongues. And there
are
a lot of people who don't know about that,
but according to Acts chapter 2,
there
came a sound like a mighty rushing
wind. And they all started speaking in
tongues. I'm telling you all,
it's time for people to get baptized
in the Holy Ghost.
So, I'm going to start praying and
we're going to
push in, but we're going to pray about
our Fourth of July.
We're going to pray over our president
and over the decisions that are being
made
that there will not be a two-state
solution.
There will not be a splitting of
Jerusalem.
There'll be peace in Palestine,
Gaza, and the people and all that. I
pray for peace, but I'm not going to
pray for a two-state solution.
So, we're going to pray for peace and
we're going to pray for wisdom up in
here, okay? And we know the
consequences. There's a
reaction
in the spirit realm when you start doing
stuff like that. I'm telling you all
what I've seen and I'm like, "Oh my
goodness, we've got to
go. No, go down that road. That's the
wrong road."So, let's just pray and
you enter in with me. You know, we can
do a lot here. I'm still praying for
Judge Torres.
You know, I told you, Satan, this is his
wheelhouse—the
finances.
And we must pray for Judge Torres. I
don't know the decisions to be made, but
there's a kink in the hose. And the Lord
said, "Tell the hose to come
unkinked.
It's time to double it. It's time to
double it,
for an acceleration is coming. A great
financial acceleration is coming
for the body of Christ. It's time to
unkink
the hose.
Raise up men and women that will
pray."So
we pray today.
Father, we thank you. We give you all
the glory, honor, and praise. And we say
the kink in the hose is coming
open in
Jesus'name.
Father, we worship you. We give you
praise and glory. And we thank you,
Lord, for all that you've done and all
that you're going to do.
Father, we call forth peace over
Jerusalem and over Israel that
there will not be a
two-state solution.
They will not touch the land
in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over that. And we
thank you, Lord, that we will not divide
the land.
Father, I pray over America and over our
Fourth of July and all of our
firework shows and the get-togethers and
the barbecues and the celebration of our
great nation, going clear up into the
parades and the fireworks, all the
things. Father, the church get-togethers.
We thank you, Lord, that there is no
weapon formed against our congregations,
our nation, that will prosper from sea to
shining sea, from the Gulf all the way
up to Canada. We call a divine
protection over this land in the name of
Jesus Christ. We call our men
and women that serve in our military,
our Homeland Security, our FBI. We call
them protected in the name of Jesus. We
thank you for divine intel, for
supernatural guidance. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that everything they put
their hands to will prosper, that there's
a blessing over them. Father, that
there'll be an exposing of darkness. We
call an exposing of darkness. That
everything the devil's planning and
plotting with the red dawn experiences
with the enemy within, we call an
exposing of all the plots, of all the
plans to try to take down our land and
our nation. You'll not have it. You'll
not have it. We command it to bow its
knee right now in the name of Jesus. We
thank you, Lord, that there's a
bloodline that's covering us from the
top of our heads to the soles of our
feet, that we're always in the right
place at the right time. Father, I call
forth the blood to cover President Trump
and his family and his grandkids
and his children, Don Jr. and
Eric and the girls. Father, over
Ivanka and over—what's the other
one?—Tiffany.
Tiffany. Father, and
Barron,
Father, we cover every single one
of them in the blood. We thank you,
Lord, that no weapon formed
against them would prosper. And over all
the grandchildren, Father, I thank you,
Lord, for Vance and his children.
Father, I pray over every single
one of them. They're covered by the
blood of Jesus. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that you're raising up
men and women that would stand for
righteousness and over our judges and
over our land. Father, that this will be
a nation that is one nation under God
still, that we'll not lose it to this
evil culture of this reprobate
mind. Father, we come against it in the
name of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that
the angels of the Lord are
encamped
around about every single one of
them. I put angels around our
leaders in the name of Jesus, Father,
that a thousand shall fall at their side
and 10,000 at their right hand, but
nothing shall come nigh them in the name
of Jesus. We put that bloodline around
them, Father, in the name of Jesus. We
thank you, Lord, for the angels of the
Lord. We thank you, Lord, that there
will
be no bombs, no bullets, no nothing that
comes nigh them.
We thank you, Lord, that you're exposing
the enemy within.
Every single one, the enemy that's
within, the moles, the rats, we call
them exposed and removed in
Jesus'name.
For you said you were setting a trap for
the rat.
Father, we call forth the trap for the
rat to be set, and in its time,
an
exposing right now in
Jesus'name.
I thank you, Lord, for our
infrastructure, over our planes, over
our FAA.
We call forth protection over
cyberattacks,
over our planes, over American
Airlines especially. And I say in the
name of Jesus, our planes will stay in
the sky and they will not come down in
any tragic events.
There's no confusion in the air. There's
no confusion in the air. We say there's
protection in our air over Southwest and
Delta and over every other airway,
even our private planes. Father, we
thank you, Lord. There are no
cyberattacks
over our electric grid.
I pray over our electric
grid,
over our infrastructure, over our water.
Father, I pray over our electric
grid that it's protected and it will not have
cyberattacks
in
Jesus'name.
That our military, whoever's over this,
Father, they'll be
top-notch.
We're top-notch. We're the
best of the best protecting
against
cyberattacks.
I thank you, Father, that even over our
banking system—you should pray over
Bank of America—that Bank of America
will not have major cyberattacks. Bank
of America, major banks will not have
cyberattacks
causing financial
meltdown in any way. We call for our
banks, for the ATMs and all the
computer systems to be okay.
I thank you, Father.
Father, I pray over our cattle
and, Father, any plans from Bill
Gates or any of the evil, Father, that is
on this nation. We thank you, Lord, that
they're exposed and brought to justice
in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that your hand is on
our cattle. Your hand is on our
poultry.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that our food
is okay,
Father. There's an exposing of things
there, of dark plans, of bad pesticides
and things in our food
making people sick. Whatever you showed
me, Father, about the men
and the women not being fertile and
stopping the population growth and
the babies not coming forth
from 30 years old, 30s and in the 30s
and the 20s. I saw a sterilization
coming on people.
I don't know what causes that, Lord, but
I know that you do, and you showed me to
pray for these people, for they're
wanting to have children, and they're
wanting to have a family, and there's
something going on with their
reproductive system, and
we call them healed and whole and well
in the mighty name of Jesus. And the
Bible says to be fruitful, multiply, and
replenish the earth,
and to occupy until He comes.
So, Father, that's biblical. And we
thank you, Lord, that if they're in a
marriage and they're not
living outside of the marriage and doing
all that, but Father, they're being
married and doing what's right, Father,
we call forth her womb to be blessed,
his—that
the fruit of their
children, they will be blessed in the
name of Jesus. The fruit of the body
will be blessed in the name of Jesus.
And they'll have
a mighty harvest of blessing,
an inheritance,
and they'll be able to say, "My
children's children's
children."Father,
we call a turnaround in their
reproductive systems right now in
Jesus'name.
Get off of them, their hormones.
This is deeper than that. I see it. And
it's like
I'll pray over this in English
first
right now, but then I'm going to pray in
the spirit. Father, I thank you, Lord. I
thank you, Lord, over the euro and what
I've seen about the euro. I pray over
the euro, Father. I pray over the euro
and I thank you, Lord, for you said this
will be the first dominoes to fall.
Watch the euro.
Father, I thank you.
We call revival in our churches. We call
cleansing in our houses.
Father, you said judgment begins in the
house of the Lord first.
And we see pastors that
need to step down. Father, I
thank you for the new Davids to rise up,
the new Esthers to rise up and take the
baton and bring a great revival across
this land.
That you're not finished with America.
That you're not finished with this
world. That you want to bring in one
more great harvest of souls.
It's time for a major harvest of souls
like this world has never seen before.
For you said, "I'm standing at the door,
Brandon.
I'm standing at the door and it's time
for the greatest harvest we've ever seen
before."We
call the blinders off of their eyes,
for Satan has blinded the eyes of the
unbeliever. And you said according to
Ephesians that the eyes of their
understanding would be enlightened. I
call a light to come over their eyes
that they would see that God has a plan
for their life.
They would have eyes to see. And I call
the unsaved ones to be saved in the name
of Jesus. We call them out of the
pits of hell. They will not go to hell.
To be absent from the body is to be
present with the Lord. And we will go
and be saved and be with the Lord
forever for all eternity. But we call
for our unsaved loved ones to get born
again right now in the name of Jesus.
Send laborers across their path. Father,
they may be in the bars. They may be at
the clubs. Wherever they may be, there's
no place that's too dark that you can't
get them right out of it.
We thank you, Lord. They may be
entertaining angels
unawares.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for angelic
visitations and manifestations of the
glory in our churches
on the streets, wherever it may be.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for divine
protection
that we're always in the right place at
the right time in these last days. That
we hear your voice and a stranger's
voice we will not follow.
Father, you say we go with the peace
that passes all understanding and we'll
not be led by our flesh. We'll be led
by the spirit and we'll hear you. And
you say, "Go,"we'll say... you say,
"Stay,"and
we'll do exactly what you say. And we'll
not
be tormented by emotion
going, "Well, I don't know."No, we know.
We hear you, Father. We hear you, Lord.
We will hear you, Father, and we'll hear
you clearly. We call forth for clear
hearing over our ears that we hear you
clearly, Father. We call the cobwebs out
and the dryness out of it. And you said,
"Can these bones live?"And we say,
"These bones will live."We call the dry
bones to live in the name of Jesus.
Spiritual dry bones, we call them to
live in the name of Jesus.
We say they will live. For I hear the
sound of a mighty rushing water like a
flood of water coming. The rain is
coming. The spiritual rain is coming. We
call the rain to come in the name of
Jesus.
The former and the latter rain together
in a mighty outpouring
like we've never seen before, Lord,
for one last call. One last call. One
last push
for a mighty harvest. One last call,
Father. It's all hands on deck.
It's all hands on deck.
Sound the alarm. Wake up the
church. Wake up the body.
For the driest will burn the hottest.
No one's too far gone.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
One last call,
one major harvest of souls.
We give you praise and glory and honor,
for you are good and your mercy endures
forever.
One major harvest of souls,
over a billion people, Father. Billions
of people. Now, we're not just believing
for millions. We're believing for
billions.
Billions of people. Yes, it's
time to believe for big. Yes,
it's time to believe God for big.
It's time to believe God for a major
harvest, a big harvest. Not just, "Well,
we got a couple hundred people
saved."It's
a blessing, but we need more.
Turn on the faucet.
Let them come from all
over.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for a major harvest, a
major harvest of souls, for your last
outpouring. One great harvest, a major
push.
We call for a great awakening unto God
in America. We call for a great awakening,
a great revival.
Azusa
streets all over America,
streets all over Africa, Azusa streets
all over Europe and over the Middle
East and over all over South
America and all over Australia.
Let your spout of the glory be poured
out all over these nations.
Thank you, Father. Lord, I know you...
It's like people say, "Well, you
love them more than what I
do."You
love them more than I do, Lord. I
know, Lord. I know it. You gave your
life for them. I just thank you, Lord,
that you turn up the volume. You
turn up the volume of the
influence
that they would see something in us like
Moses's face shone. Let the glory,
Father, let your glory shine in us. That
they see the light of God. They don't
see compromise. They see Jesus in us and
they say, "There's something different
about
you."That
we're not religious like
the
Pharisees,
Father. That we're not religious like
the Pharisees. Father, they're not
coming to revival to
get old, crusty, dried-up religion.
Who wants religion?
No one.
It's stinky,
Lord, like a spoiled diaper. Who
wants to be a Pharisee?
Father, we want to be where the living water
is
at. We want to be free and be
like you, more and more like you and
less like the world.
Create in us a clean heart, Father,
that you visit our churches. You visit
the churches. You visit the churches,
Lord. We call for a mighty move of the
presence of God on our churches in the
name of Jesus. Oh Lord, we thank you,
Lord, that the churches would
be those pillars of light in the
darkness.
Lord,
we're not ashamed of the gospel. We're
not ashamed of the baptism of the Holy
Spirit. We're not ashamed of the fire of
the Holy Ghost.
We're not ashamed. We will not shy back.
We will take the land for Jesus. We will
take the land for Jesus.
I'm in New York right now. So, I'm
letting you know I just see New York
again. I'm in New York and I'm
all around the edges and I'm praying
over New York right now. I see it. Okay,
just letting you know.
I plead the blood over my eyes. I plead
the blood over my eyes.
I plead the blood. I plead the blood. I
will only see what you want me to see. I
will only hear what you want me to hear.
I thank you, Lord. No weapon formed
against me will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against me, we
condemn it. We condemn the words that
are spoken against us. We condemn the
words, and it goes back on them double
right now.
I see the submarine again, Braden.
See, then I went back from the sub
to New York and I'm seeing New York
again. So, I see the submarine and
then I go back to New York and I see
people walking around on the streets.
But it's not just a couple of people
walking around on the streets. I see
lots of people walking in the streets of
New York. But it's like that all the
time. But these people are
in casual clothes. They're in casual
clothes. There's no suits. There's no
suits. I see t-shirts. I see jeans. I
see
a white van.
I see a white van. It's a cargo van.
I see the New York Yankee Stadium again.
I see it all lit up with lights.
I'm back in
Orlando again.
I'm walking all inside of the park.
I see the big
boat. There's a boat in
there that looks like an old,
historic-looking
boat, like Huck Finn.
I see the boat. I'm
walking right in there, and when I'm
praying in the spirit right there,
there's the water. I see the water.
Mickey,
the boats. I see the boats.
I
went from there, and I'm in
Dallas. I'm in downtown
Dallas.
I see the tower there.
It's very hot outside.
I feel
this is a plan.
This is planned
simultaneously.
Show us, Lord. Show us more. Show us,
Lord.
The
uncovering, not to us, but to
them, our people who are working
for us. You see, the Secret
Service, the
FBI, the Homeland
Security,
uncovering to them,
to the right voices, to the right people
who need to know. You
reveal
it to me, Lord; it don't do me
no good. I need it to them. Show them in
their sleep.
Show them in their sleep. Let them
have a dream of it, somebody with a
badge that has authority to hear it. Let
them hear it, Lord. Let them see it,
Lord. We pray that their eyes would be
opened,
Lord, that they would see it in
the midnight hour. They would see it.
Oh God,
you warn them, Lord. You
speak to them in their sleep.
Lord,
we believe. You even speak to
President Trump as he sleeps. You show
them what
they need to know. If
there's
too much flesh in the way, you
speak to them when they're asleep,
even our sheriff's
departments, people in our sheriff's
departments, Lord, that they have
greater jurisdiction.
just thank you, Lord, for our president.
I thank you, Lord, you protect him at all
times. I thank you, Lord, that you protect
his wife. You protect his marriage; his
marriage is strong.
You rekindle their flame, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that their marriage is
strong.
We pray over his marriage today.
The
Lord said, 'Pray over the churches
today.'That's
what he just said. Pray
over our pastors, protection over our
major pastors who have huge
influence.
We pray a hedge of protection
around and about them,
that there's no enemy within the church
to harm them in any way when they're
preaching, when people are distracted. We
pray for protection around our men and
women of God as they're ministering
inside of major buildings.
I thank you, Lord,
that every plot, every plan be revealed,
and that the ushers, the
security of the church, would be
attentive at all times by the Spirit of
God. Give them dreams, Lord.
The
Lord said, 'Remind him of John
Hagee.'That's
what the Lord just said. Remind
of John Hagee. What happened to John
Hagee?
That nothing come nigh him. When
the man came in the church, I just saw
it. He walked in, he opened fire. He said
nothing came nigh
Braden.
That's what he's talking
about right now. He said that
supernatural divine protection was on
John Hagee. Pray a hedge of protection
around these ministers like it was on
John
Hagee.
We pray a hedge of protection around our
ministers,
over specific ones. We pray a hedge of
protection around them
like John Hagee. Lord,
that's exactly what I see
right now. I
see
big angels protecting, watching
over these ministers as they preach,
and they just swat down
those things. They swat those bullets
down; they swat them down.
We're not going to have this
in our
churches.
Glory to
God. Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord, for every single person
who showed up tonight to pray. Thank
you, Lord, that we have the victory
today. We live on the victory side.
We're not defeated. We
have
the victory.
Hallelujah. We pray over our churches. I
pray over Asia. I pray over awakening
unto God in Asia, for a major harvest of
souls over South Korea today. We call
forth Korea to be stirred up today. We
call revival in Korea. We call it all
around, for you said a major harvest. I
call it the
Sooners, not just with... I
see a great revival
over
Japan. A great shaking is coming to
Japan. Great
earthquakes are coming to Japan.
But no weapon formed
against you will prosper. Believers,
believe.
Be believing believers. You're always in
the right place at the right time.
It's the Ring of Fire.
Great shaking on the Ring of Fire
in the days ahead.
I see
earthquakes in China, all on the sea,
all on this area,
great earthquakes. I see the
number 6.5,
6.1,
six.
How long is this stream going, son?
An hour and 55. About two hours every
time. I feel it.
The Lord starts talking to me. I see. I
said
about two hours again, Brandon.
Yeah. Do you have that other water? My
throat's getting dry. Sorry. I got it.
I'm good. I'm getting thirsty. I'm
sitting here praying.
I feel like when I was praying for that
down there, I feel like I was
birthing a cow. I'm talking it's
heavy, you know, I'm sitting there
pushing that out and my goodness
protection over those
people.
It's like
hallelujah.
It's kind of like when you're praying in
the spirit, you can feel those rivers
and you'll feel a little pause, pause,
pause and he lets you take a wind, you
know, and then sometimes he'll push you
and you go again. But it's
like he knows we're flesh and he gives
you a break and you get in that
river and you push through that river in
prayer and then all of a sudden I feel
it letting up and it's like
he's like, "Okay, take a break. Take a
breather."You
know, and then
sometimes I jump back in that river and
I keep going and then there's sometimes
this is done and it's like you said,
"You've done your part. Time for you to
rest. You need to... done your
part with all these
folks."And
then you jump in the river
again. But I flow with the river.
You flow with the river. So you're not
trying to push in your flesh. You push
with the spirit. Because if you're doing
it
in your flesh, you get exhausted. You
can't do that. And it makes you...
but when you're pushing
with the spirit, you still get tired in
your flesh, but you can still feel it.
You feel that Holy Ghost. That's why I
asked him, "How long's it
been?"Because
I always know about two hours
every single time. It's every time.
Yeah. And sometimes it's just an hour
and a half, but it's very... hour and a
half and two hours. Yeah. Hour and a
half, two hours, sometimes two and a
half hours, but you can feel it and
it's like you start feeling it letting
up. It's like a receding
water. It's like the receding wave
starts pulling back and I go,
"Okay."So,
well, glory to God. How many
folks are praying with us?
Um, it doesn't show me on... 5,400.
Yep. The glory is the Father's. That's
exactly right. It's all glory to
God. If you all knew Brandon, I don't
have any capability of doing any of this.
It's just me. But he puts his super
on my natural and that's what
makes it fun. If you're doing it by
yourself, it's boring. But when the Holy
Ghost gets involved, prayer becomes
powerful.
You know, y'all, you don't realize how
incapable I am of doing any of this. I
depend solely on him.
But he brings the power. He brings the
fire. He brings the water. He is the
great supply. Brandon is nothing. I
depend solely on him. But he shows me
what's coming. And he says, "Tell them
to pray."And that's what I've done
today. Again, warning you. Pray over the
Fourth of July. Pray over New York
City. Pray over this van. I see a van. I
see these things. And
he wants to warn to pray
for the FBI and for our Homeland
Security to have dreams for them. I hear
that in the dream to pray over our
pastors to pray over our people that
we're always in the right place and time and
pray over President Trump as he's
playing golf with this thing way up in
the air.
Not normal up in the air. I'm talking
way up there above the clouds like way
up there. And I don't know how...
pray over our president. He will finish
his race and he will do exactly what God
has told him to do and he will finish it
and the end times are coming quicker
than people realize.
I just want to be on the right side of
it,
you know, with my lamp full of oil,
keeping... I'm keeping watch. I'm
anticipating my savior coming. Not
going, well, you know, I'm not the
virgin with my lamp not full. My lamp
is full. And I'm anticipating and I'm
expecting him to say, "Go, Brandon, do
this. Brandon, do that. Diana, do this.
Diana,
hear
Him."But
I refuse to be on the
sidelines being benched because I'm not
ready and my vessel's not full
of the Holy Ghost and fire.
"Well, you're not ready. Go sit down.
You're going to be second
string."I
want to be... I want to be varsity.
You know, let's be on the varsity side
of this thing or whatever. And
you don't want to be... you
know what I'm saying? First string
in the game that God says, "I can use
them. They're ready. They're filled up
and they're ready."Their vessels
are right before me. There's no
compromise in them. They're keeping
their lamps full. They're keeping their
oil
on fire.
It's time to get excited about things,
folks. But he's coming back for
people that are on fire. He's not coming
back for a bunch of people that
are weak, busted, and disgusted going,
"Oh, God, help us. We need help. Help
us, Jesus.
Help us, Lord."No, what I'm saying,
it's time to get excited because we're
on the victory side.
So, do they have any questions or
anything?
Do they have anything? Do you see
There's agreement with you.
All right.
Well, did this bless you all tonight? I
told you I tried to do it at least
once a week and I'm trying.
Last week we did it last Sunday, I
believe it was.
And I pray this blessed you. We got a
lot of work to do. When I get done, I
look at all the Lord's showing me and I
go, "Oh man, this is a
lot."But
many hands make light work. We
can do a lot together. I feel we should
do it more than I do it. But I have to
replenish myself after I do these
because it pulls a lot off of me. So I
say, "Okay, time to get in the word.
We got to get in the word double
time."What'd
they say? They're asking for prayer
for their countries and stuff. Brazil.
And what'd she say about the pets? I
don't know. It goes so fast. Where?
Right. No, it went right there. Go up.
Go up. Go up. Go up. No. Down. Down.
Down. Down. Down. Down. Down. Right
there. Pets.
Have any
pets?
Of course we have pets.
Santa Fe boxcar. Oh yeah. We pray over
that
boxcar.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're
exposing anything in that
boxcar, in
the Santa Fe red and white
boxcar.
Thank you, Lord. See another thing, y'all.
I'm telling you, there's a lot there.
It's praying over and praying over
Trump's buildings. Praying over the one
in Las Vegas. Praying over the
ones in Chicago. The ones in New
York. Praying over these locations for
protection around his hotels and
his apartment buildings,
that the people inside
them
even are protected,
especially... there's two... I saw especially
two major buildings that had something
inside of them. It wasn't on the outside;
it was inside. And because the
glass went out, it wouldn't go in. It
was like... you know, when you
see something, it was coming from the
inside out
and it was glass. It was tall and it
looked like a
hotel-looking
building,
and I saw Trump at the top.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for divine
protection over the president's
assets, all the buildings, all of
his buildings, everything
about him. Lord, there's so much to pray
about him, but Father, over our
beautiful nation, even over
Seattle and over Los Angeles and...
it's not Antifa, but the
rioting and all ICE, all this ICE stuff.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's
peace, peace, peace over the
nation. We call peace, peace, peace in
Jesus'name.
We thank you for peace.
Peace. Peace. Thank you, Lord.
It goes so fast. Yeah, it goes so fast.
I think that's done. I don't know.
That's all I felt in my spirit to pray
for right now. You prayed over Cuba.
Yeah, we prayed over Cuba. I prayed over
the Fourth of July. Prayed over the
Fourth of July. We prayed over our
financials. Father, we thank you, Lord,
that Judge Torres makes the
decision and that the kink in the hose
comes
unkinked.
Father, we thank you that this would be the greatest
fall. I see it—the greatest fall we've
ever known as the body of Christ for the
greatest outpouring of finances going
into the summer
and
going into the fall. This would be the
rocket ship that starts to take off,
that we'll see a major move of God in
the finances of the body of Christ. Yes,
the seeds we've sowed in the
past will come to harvest at last, and the
devourer
has
been rebuked because we're tithers and
we have tithers'rights. We say it's
time for the wealth of the sinner to be
laid up for the righteous and to come
into
our hands. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
the 30, 60, and 100-fold would come forth
quickly, and that it would not be
seedtime
harvest, but that it would be seed
harvest. Because harvest and seed,
the sowers and the reapers, would go hand
in hand, rather than, "Oh well, we got to
sow
and it takes years to get it
back."No,
Father, I thank you that the
sowers
and the reapers go hand in hand, that it
will be a quick thing, a
quick work over our seeds.
You said that you provide
seed for the sower, and it's time for
the seed for the sower to manifest in a
mighty, supernatural way with creative
ideas to get wealth, instead of
us
always looking for the
mailbox mentality:
"Well, Lord, where's it coming? I need my
blessing."I
thank you, Lord,
that you give me
wisdom and power to get wealth in my
hands for business creative
ideas. Maybe you have a good idea—maybe it's to
be a pie maker, a
yard guy, a car cleaner, or
something
supernatural—and
God will give you favor for
it
so
you're
not sitting there struggling all the
time. If you're struggling and you don't
even
have $5, how can you do
something big in these last days? Maybe
you'll
just be a vessel and do things,
but it takes money to get things done.
Most people don't want to touch
that; they get all upset about it
nowadays: "Oh, don't talk about money
in the body of Christ."Why not? The
world does. They go to work every day,
Monday through Friday, working all day
long for their paycheck.
The Bible says we can
sow
and we'll reap.
I don't understand what the hang-up is,
but there's a lot of hang-up on it. We
sow
and
we
reap. But because
some
people have abused it,
the whole body of Christ spits it
out and says, "Well, it's not for
me."Well,
I'm going to tell you this: it
is
for me. I'm believing God for
creative ideas.
Show me the secret
things, the
fountains of the deep, the
dark, secret places. Show me and reveal
them to me. Teach me, Father, because
I'm not going to be the person who's
just barely making it by. Father, show
me. Give me a creative idea. Show me
something. As I seek
His face, we can have what's in His
hand, as long as it doesn't control us.
Now, as soon as you start lusting after
things and acting crazy, then He
can't trust you with it. But if you
are led by
the Spirit of God—and those who are
led by the Spirit of God are the sons of
God—I
believe that He'll teach us how
to do things so we don't have to be
always looking at the world, going, "Man,
they got it all, and we're barely
making it."I don't think that's good.
That's not God. What
was He
talking about
in
this last vision about being
bridled? He said, "Be the horse. Don't
lose sight of the
mission."Oh,
He said,
"Don't lose sight of the mission as you
see the
transition."There's
a great transition coming,
a lot of transition
in the days ahead.
We got to pray for Mel
Gibson again. You want to pray for Mel
Gibson? Mel Gibson's going to make a
dandy of a movie, isn't he? I'm telling
you what, with as much prayer as he's got, I
bet he's going, "Man, I feel good. I
don't know what's going on. Who's
praying for
me?"We
are. Isn't that neat? We have a
hand in it, and he
doesn't
even know us.
Right
now, 5,229
people are all praying. Father, we thank you
for Mel Gibson. We lift up Mel Gibson
before you in this new movie. We thank
you, Lord, that there is nothing
hindering him in any way. We put a
bloodline around him, Father, for the
finances and for creative ideas to make
this movie a
blockbuster hit, Oscar-winning, and all
those
things, Father. The world is going
to be so stunned by it; they're
going to go, "Wow, this was
amazing."Because
it was not him—it was supernatural on
Mel Gibson, and he'll be
led by the Spirit of God and know
exactly how to put it all
together. Father, there'll be
a supernatural flow
for a supernatural harvest in these
theaters, in the name of Jesus. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that this would be the
greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God
in an unusual way in a movie
theater for the youth.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that
there'll be favor, and that the devil doesn't
have his way to try to make it rated bad
if it
doesn't deserve it. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that he'll have favor
putting it all
together, and it'll be a great flow of
the Spirit of God on
this major last push. Mel Gibson
will
be used greatly in this last
time, in Jesus'name. We
thank you, Father, for him. I don't know
him, Lord, but I thank you
that
he'll get radically on
fire in this timeframe.
And Caviezel
will do the same. Caviezel. Father, I
thank you, Lord, in Jesus'name. Amen and
amen. Who believes that?
I believe it.
So,
Father, we thank you, Lord, for every
single person who's needing healing in
their body right now.
Agree with me that the expiration date
for your sickness,
for
that thing that's going on for you, is
today.
The expiration of what you're believing
for is today. Today is the day that
that's in the past.
Behold, He says He makes all things
new. Today is your day for your healing.
No matter what you're going through
right now, nothing's too big and
nothing's too small. Jesus paid the
price for it all. He paid the price for
you to walk in victory over that today.
And I want to believe God with you that
you're healed, whole, and well from
the top of your head to the soles of
your feet, and that the Spirit of the
Lord will move through this camera right
now and touch you right where you're
sitting. Father,
we call healing, wholeness, and
wellness over their bodies. Father,
they're delivered from sickness, they're
delivered from disease, and everything
the devil meant for bad, God, you're
going to get the glory for it, in the
name of Jesus. I thank you, Lord,
that
their test is going to be the greatest
testimony that they could ever hope,
imagine, or think. This is going
to be the greatest testimony, for the
test will become a testimony. Thank you,
Lord, in every area of their life, in
Jesus'name.
Thank you,
Lord, for healing. Thank you, Lord, for
deliverance, in Jesus'name. Their bodies
are totally healed today. That's the
expiration date. We're looking at it
and saying,
"Today we're healed."You believe it?
We're believing believers, believing that
God is a healer. We're believing
believers. We're not begging
believers; we're believing believers.
We're not going, "God, please do
it."No,
he's already done it. Thank you,
Lord. Thank you, Lord, that today's the
day that we see the breakthrough in
their finances, in their marriages. We
pray over their marriages, for their
households, everything that
they're believing for. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that today's a day of
a new beginning. A new beginning. It's
like Billy Burke said: if
sickness started with a
symptom, why not the absence of a symptom be
your healing? Yes. Why not the
absence of the symptom be your day of
healing? Well, you start saying, "I
don't feel it anymore."Why? That's
the beginning. That's the start.
If it starts with it, then that's
awesome. And if you say, "Well, my
toe
just is not hurting now, but everything
else is,"rejoice for the toe. Yes.
Rejoice for the elbow. "Well, my elbow
doesn't
hurt anymore."Oh, rejoice!
Thank you, Lord, that my elbow
doesn't
hurt. We're grateful, Father, that my
thumb doesn't hurt today. "Well, my
ear doesn't hurt,"or whatever. Father, I
just rejoice with what you do have and
don't complain about what you don't.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this is
the beginning. Just like
Billy Burke talking about, Noah
came back with the olive branch.
The little dove came back with an olive
branch. And that was the sign that the
flood started to recede.
Sometimes you just get an olive branch
when you're believing for something.
What will you do with the olive branch?
What will you do with your olive branch?
Rejoice with the olive branch. Rejoice
with the little things. When you start
to see a turnaround, rejoice with
it. Thank you, Lord, for the olive
branch today. Yes, it may not be the
whole tree yet, but God, I thank you,
Lord, for the olive branch.
Rejoice with the olive branch. That's
what you have to do sometimes. That's all
you see. The floodwaters are still on
the edge of your life and you're going,
"Man, I can't see any dry land, but
there's an olive branch."Sometimes
you've
just got to give him
praise for it. And that's what you have
to do because he's looking: what will
they do with what I've already done?
"Well, I don't have any pain in my
right knee, but I've got it in the rest of my
leg."No,
Father, I thank you, Father,
I've
got my olive branch. But it's like
Brother Billy Burke said, Brandon, God
doesn't dangle a carrot.
He will finish and complete that which
he started.
He's not a carrot-dangling God. Chase
the carrot, chase the carrot—I don't
believe that. God is a God who is able
to do exceedingly abundantly above all
that we dare ask or think. And it's time
to believe him for bigger.
Believe in him for bigger in these last
days. The popcorn's popping, ladies and
gentlemen. It's time to believe for the
popcorn. Yes, the popcorn. He said
it's going to start to happen. It's
going to be sporadic and
spontaneous. And get ready for it. I'm
excited about it. I go, "Wow, Lord.
When I hear the first popcorn
pop, I want to pack my stuff and I'm
going to say, Let's go sit there and camp
out."Yes,
why not? It's exciting. I'm
anticipating a mighty move of God
to go, "Oh, Lord, here am I. Let's be a
part of
it."So,
glory to God. Well, thank you all
for joining us tonight. How many people
do we have on here now?
5,192.
That's a lot. That's a
megachurch.
Where are you seeing that? I can't see
it. Right there, watching now. I couldn't
see that. Two hours.
Please pray for Brazil. Father, we thank you,
Lord, for Brazil, for a mighty move of God
in Brazil.
All of South America, Colombia, and
Venezuela. Father, we call a mighty move
of God all throughout Brazil. We thank
you, Lord, that you're raising up great,
mighty warriors for you in
Brazil. Father, your new Davids and your
new Esthers, Father, great, mighty works
will they do for you. Pour out your
spirit upon them like a mighty, mighty
river, a wave of glory, a fire of the
Holy Ghost, that they'll be those
vessels in this last time just plowing
through.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there'll
be a great harvest of souls in Brazil
today. Lord, we believe, we receive for
Brazil to have a mighty move of God, and in
every church in Canada, Jamaica,
Ethiopia, Netherlands,
Trinidad, Haiti,
Central America, Malaysia,
Dominica, all around the world.
Mexico,
all around the world, we're believing.
Nigeria,
all over Africa. I've seen it over and
over again. Africa is going to have a
major move. Oh, God. Puerto Rico like Reinhard
Bonnke.
Nicaragua, Iran, Canada,
Brazil. Where was that again? South Korea.
South Korea, we prayed for them a lot
tonight.
So, all right. Well, it's going so fast,
just a blanket. What did they say about
the Mississippi? It's going so fast I
couldn't see it. I saw about the nuclear
power plants
along the Mississippi. Yeah,
protecting the Mississippi River. It's a
lot of things. That's why you
go in your area and you help us. You
help us like I do. I pray over our
area. You go over your area and
all it takes is one. You
have a voice. You use your voice and
you pray over your area. Like I said,
I'm praying over—I don't live in
Orlando, but the Lord put it on my heart
to pray over the boats. The boats. I
saw the boats tonight. The to and the
from boats,
the ones that carry the people. I
saw: pray over the boats. Pray over the
boats in the park. Pray over
this.
So the Lord's saying boats, the boats. And
I kept praying over the boats, whatever
that means. Somebody on the boats,
danger on the boats. And so, okay. So
that's why there's a major thing to pray
over. So we all have our assignment.
Yeah, you pray over your area where you
may live in a little town like Pampa,
Texas or Lubbock, Texas, and you're out
there. You're going, "I'm in Lubbock, Texas,
and I'm out here in the
sagebrush
and the
tumbleweeds."But
you have a
mission and you have a plan for the
Raiders out there to pray over Texas
Tech. And you go out there and you pray
around and you say, "I'm praying
over this college campus. We're going to
have
revival."You
have your assignment. Never take it
lightly what God is. "I'm in Amarillo,
Texas.""No,
I'm going to have revival in
Amarillo, Texas."You know, I'm just
saying places out there where the
sagebrush
is and it's just nothing but
prairie, wind, and
tumbleweeds.
We drove through there. It's like, woo,
it's hot, but Texas hot.
Well, thank you for joining us today,
you all. It's such a blessing. I hope
this blessed you all today. I really
felt a release. So after I feel that,
I don't really have anything unless
I jump another river, but I feel it's
okay. We're done. We're released to pray
another day. But I pray you all enjoyed
it, and I thank you for joining us. I
truly do. You took time out of your
busy night to come here on a Saturday
night to come pray with us, and
that is humbling. That's amazing. You
could be doing something else with your
family, but you chose to be with us, and
I just want to say thank you. We don't
want to waste your time. God bless you
so much. We pray a hedge of protection
around you, and that you have a
wonderful Sunday. Yes. This Sunday will
be a day of remembrance. It'll be a good
day. Yes. We're almost out of June.
Yeah, we're almost out of June. We're
getting ready to head into July.
It's almost my
birthday. July 3rd. Celebrate big. Yeah,
Paisley said she's going to make me a cake.
She did. She makes it from scratch,
too. She
mills the flour. I taught
her how to mill it. So yeah, she mills
the flour. My little Paisley mills the
flour. She gets it all and then gets the
frosting and makes homemade frosting,
homemade cake, and everything. And she
goes, "Daddy, what kind of cake do you
want for your birthday?"And I said,
"Oh, no. I like chocolate or
vanilla. It doesn't matter. I'll take
either one."But she's so excited
because she said that she's going to
make me a cake. So, I'm excited. And I
ain't sharing.
No, I'm teasing.
It's your birthday.
And then we're going to get firecrackers
and we're going to pop some
firecrackers.
I think that'll be fun. Play in the
water hose. I don't know. Make sure it
rained another two inches today. Yeah.
So, we got two more inches of rain and
that was a big deal. And I
couldn't believe that. I was like,
'Goodness gracious, another two inches.
What?'They're
all saying happy birthday.
Thank you. Yeah, I'm 45.
And can you believe that?
45. That's like
I said halfway to 50. I said, 'Lord,
come quickly.'She's in the chat.
They're all saying, 'Good job,
Paisley.'That
makes—oh,
she's happy birthday.
Who? Paisley. Oh, Paisley. Yeah.
45 and thriving. 45 and of course
still alive. That don't go good. 45 and
alive. 45.
If it was Trump, it was 45. That'd be
cool. 45. Oh, yeah. Because he's 47.
He's 47 now, but yeah. Yeah. Well, he'll
still be 47 when I'm 47. Oh, right.
Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Maybe he'll call me up and tell me happy
birthday. Say we pray for you a lot.
Wouldn't that be neat?
Thrive at 45. Thrive at 45.
Wouldn't that be neat to get us
something from the president? He said,
'Thank you for praying,
y'all.'Wouldn't
that be cool? I don't know. I'm not
asking for it. I just—I'm just thinking
I got to get off here getting myself in
trouble. Bless you all. Have a good
night. I'll give you a high five for 45.
High five for 45.
I'm thinking of things that were wrong
with 45.
Oh, all right. They're like,
'Happy birthday.'Thank you all. I
appreciate it. It's a blessing. Just
another year, another number. Just glad
to be healthy and doing what God's
called me to do. I want to do with all
my heart and finish this race and then
whenever we get on the other side, we're
almost there. We just got to make a
want. We just had a little bit more of a
push. We just have—I just know it. Jesus
is coming. But we have a little work to
do, and we can't get weary in
well-doing.
That's what he told me
the last two videos. He said, 'Brandon,
my people need refreshed.
They need to have hope.'Yes, all these
dark things are coming. You see all
that, but they need to have hope.
There's
hope. Yeah. This is not a drama
channel. And I want to always make sure
you all always know that there's
hope for the body of Christ. But we
still pray these dark things down and we
pray over it. And that's our
assignment.
That's my assignment. It's
been that way for years. I've been doing
this since I was
16, but for a really heavy
hardcore
in my 20s, praying like
this by myself in the laundry room.
I sit in the laundry room, and I sit
there and look in my washer and my dryer,
and I pray and I listen to Kim Clement's
worship music
because I listen to good music. And he
always flows in the Holy Ghost when he's
playing on his piano, and I listen to
'Mountain of the Lord'over and
over again on repeat. There's certain
notes he hits that are
prophetic, and it pulls me right
into
the vein. I told his daughter
Donné,
and she was—I told her, I said,
'You've got to make a CD that's just
worship music.'And she said, 'Brandon,
we've already started that.'So, I was
so excited to hear that they're making
a worship CD with all her dad's old
songs with him playing his music so I
can listen to it when I'm interceding
by myself privately. And I just
play 'Mountain
of the Lord'over and
over again, and I have that one
part and he's singing those notes, and
every single time it just shoots right
in that river and I just go. There's
nobody else can do that. Their music
doesn't
help me like that. And I'm telling
you that, and the man that
plays—what,
I could probably give you
a little taste without them getting on
to me. Baby,
let me see. I can just say the name if
you want. Okay. 'I Surrender All'on the
piano.
What's his name? Stanley. Stanley.
Stanley. I'll find it. You look
in your history. I know, honey. Stanley.
You want me to? No, I got it.
I'll find it. Here he is. Right here.
This one.
Oh, I cannot stand these ads. Marcus
Stanley. Marcus Stanley has a guitar, but he
is
a piano player. And he plays 'I
Surrender All'piano, 'Alpha and Omega', 'The
Anthem'. It's called 'The Anthem'. And
he's just wearing an old
shirt.
Isn't that beautiful? Uh-huh. Yeah, it's
beautiful.
Yeah. It's called 'Alpha and Omega'. And I
play that over and over
again
in the background. And I can just
rewind it, and I jump
in the river. This man's playing is
beautiful to me, between that and
Kim.
So, do they like that? Do they know who
I'm talking about? Stanley. Oh, that
song. Huh? I said, 'I love that
song.''The
Anthem'—he
mixes it in with 'I Surrender
All'and
it's just wow. So, I just love that
and I play it over and over
again. Good night, Cindy. So, well,
blessings to you all. She said good night.
Good night, Cindy. We're going to go, too.
It's getting late. Yeah. God bless you
all. Put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Jesus loves you so much
and we love you. God bless you and we'll
see you again soon. Bye-bye.